WHAT MAKES
ABDULLA THANI TECHNICAL SERVICES
TOP NOTCH TECHNICAL COMPANY
Our company ABDULLA THANI TECHNICAL SERVICES is the most highlighted fit out and technical service company in Dubai. We deliver the best technical service to our clients within affordable prices. Our company deals with all type of technical service like fit out work, interior designing and décor, smart glass work, carpentry work, plumbing work , and much more. We are mostly working on fixing the lack of areas to provide our customers with a proper vision of living style in a dominant way. We work for multiple domain in different technical service. For various properties in UAE such as corporates and residential. The commencement of works with an experienced environmental makes us poles apart from the other companies located in Dubai.

+
279
Successfully Project Finished
+
25
Years of Experience
Abdulla Thani Technical Service provide a large range of property and home maintenance services.
SIT BACK, WE'LL TAKE IT FROM HERE!
CONTACT US
Technical Services by Abdulla Thani's group
Fit Out Work
Interior Designing
Glass & Aluminium Work
Carpentry Work
Gypsum Ceiling & Partition
Internal & External Paint
AC Services
Plumbing Works
Electric Works
Marble & Tiles Fixing
Smart Glass Work
FIT OUT WORK
Abdulla Thani''s well-experienced team of professionals has the skills to give you the best Fit-out services. Our team’s main goal is to meet your instructions and deliver what is expected. That helps us to remain on the top of the list of interior fitout companies in Dubai
CARPENTRY WORK
Abdulla Thani Technical Service carpenters are adroit experts who are capable to professionally install, repair, build, or replace nearly any type of woodwork in your home or office. Our team of professionals done carpentry work and takes pride in what it does and loves the way they handle their projects and deal with clients in a friendly manner…
SMART GLASS
Smart glass or light control glass or privacy glass or switchable glass are being installed in the automotive, architectural, product, and interior design industries. This smart glass technology can be unsegregated into partitions, windows, and other transparent services in different sectors.
GLASS AND ALUMINIUM WORK
Glass adds beauty to any room whether it is a workroom or a living space. The addition of glass alongside aluminium adds to the aesthetics of the room. Abdulla Thani Technical Services team of experts does their homework before they get into works professionally.
ABDULLA THANI GROUPS PROVIDES ONE-STOP TECHNICAL SERVICES THROUGH OUT UAE.
Through-out the special services, we provide the utmost solutions to our most distinguished clients, especially in Dubai. Our clients are satisfied that the services they buy from the Abdulla Thani Technical Service are very convenient and appropriate in technical service way. We are experts in fixing entire technical problems with the mind-blowing service in a matter of hours. We focus on repairing little things first to expose the tremendous change in your living space. Abdulla Thani Groups are the leading technical services providers which allow our customers to get high-quality services, health safety and environmental standards. Nothing makes us different except our professional technical assistance throughout Dubai where the opponents coming from all edges.

CONTACT US
WHY CHOOSE ABDULLA THANI TECHNICAL SERVICES FOR YOUR PROJECTS.
With a vision to be prominent in understanding the needs of customers with purely technical solutions is our motto. Abdulla Thani Technical Service is very experienced and professional in their way of services. We permit our customers to get convenient fixing solution techniques with the consistency of hardworking and professional teamwork. Our mission is to provide better technologies and technical services to customers. We are working within an eco-friendly zone. We concentrate on the very efficient and fastest way to satisfy our customers throughout Dubai, including our services;

Apartment interior designing
Fit-out works
Gypsum ceiling & partition
Marble & Tile fixing
Smart Glass work
Plumbing work
Electric Works
AC maintenance
We are highlighting in the list of interior outfit companies in Dubai. the most dominant and leading company of Dubai who is working on the. We are also growing our rank in a list of interior designing companies throughout Dubai due to our professional behavior towards customers.
Visit our website: https://technicalservice.ae/
Contact us:  +971544175545
